codebase conventions (#130)
funky-station/docs: src/contributing/codebase-conventions.md

### Why not keep other downstream content in their original namespace? (ex. `_Impstation` or `_DV`)

There are two main reasons for this. One, it keeps the codebase a little neater. Rather than having to memorize what content comes from where, it should be fairly easy to navigate each subfolder. Two, you should not be porting content from other servers without any edits or thought about how those features might fit into Funky Station specifically.

Each downstream of Space Station 14 plays differently, and content usually can't be unanimously ported from one fork to another. When porting content, you should think about ways the system might interact in our setting specifically, which might mean rewriting portions of the systems.

Originally, ported content was kept in its original namespace so bugfixes could be ported easier. However, bugfixes are rarely ported consistently, unless they are from a source we merge from consistently (so, a codebase we have a direct downstream relationship with). 

### Use `partial` classes to namespace clean C# edits

> If you are adding a new method to an already existing upstream system (either from WizDen or Macrocosm), you may be asked to move it to a partial system under our namespace. This means you would create a new file in our file structure, and then change the namespace declaration to match the original system. This allows you to cleanly extended the system and its using directives without having to copy paste everything over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are adding a new method to an already existing upstream class (either from WizDen or Macrocosm), you may be asked to move it to a partial class under our namespace. This means you would create a new file in our file structure, and then change the namespace declaration to match the original system. This allows you to cleanly extend the class and its using directives without having to copy paste everything over.
```

For example, if I want to add a new method called `AddTabbyStripes()` to the upstream `CatSystem`, I would not create the method in `Content.Server/Cats/CatSystem.cs`. Instead, I would create `Content.Server/_Funkystation/Cats/CatSystem.cs` and create my method there. Both classes would become partial, and I would call `AddTabbyStripes()` in the original system where necessary.

## Use the `Fu` prefix to replace entities or locale

> There are times when entities change so drastically from their upstream version that it is easier to create new entities entirely. When we do this, we add the `Fu` prefix to the new entity id and create it in our namespace. You would then replace all of the usages of the old entity with the new id.

Reviewer: hehe. no review. just funny. Fu. Hehe.

> To "remove" the old entity, you can then make it abstract by adding `abstract: true` to the entity, or bulk abstract the entire file by adding it to `ignoredPrototypes.yml`. You can also add a line in `migration.yml` to migrate the old entity to the new one, for example adding the line `ClothingOuterWinterHos: FuClothingOuterWinterHos`.

Reviewer: in my experience migrations bad but specifically for replacing content its good

## Place resprites under `_Funkystation` namespace

Instead of replacing old sprites with new ones and editing the `meta.json` of an RSI, make an entirely new RSI in the `_Funkystation` namespace and replace the resource path of the entity. Assuming that the new resource path is the exact same as the original, with the added `_Funkystation` subfolder, this change does not need to be commented.

## Content should be properly commented

> All code should have comments explaining *what* and *why* it is doing. Do not assume that code is self-documenting. Readable variable and class names is always good practice, but even with that, not all code is self-documenting. This also lessens the burden on your fellow contributors and maintainers; none of us are omnipresent and can immediately understand what you intended to do. Commenting your code, and even including some of your thought process, can help everyone better build and improve the codebase.

Reviewer: its already difficult to get people to comment methods, you should probably only enforce that
